NARRATOR
As Ash follows his dream
to enter the Kalos League
our heroes continue toward
Shalour City
and Ash's third
Kalos Gym battle.
[WORRIED]
[grunting]
Ow! Dumb hair!
Is everyone ready?
[EXCITED]
‐ Bonnie, how about you?
‐ 'No, no, no!'
My hair won't behave
and I'm going crazy!
[CONCERNED]
Let me give it a try.
Uh‐huh, sure.
SERENA
Why don't we do something
different for a change?
BONNIE
'Huh? Different?'
‐ Do you like it?
‐ It's so cute!
It's like a flower!
I think it's awesome!
[HUNGRY]
[chuckles]
Huh? Is that a Pokémon?
[CURIOUS]
‐ Wow, it's so cute!
‐ What is?
‐ Isn't that Pokémon..
‐ Let's see.
POKEDEX
Flabebe.
The Single Bloom Pokémon.
Flabebe chooses
a favorite flower
'at the beginning of its life'
'and takes care of it
from then on.'
But it doesn't look like
this Flabebe has a flower.
[CONCERNED]
Not only that,
it doesn't look very happy.
CLEMONT
Maybe it's hungry or something.
Can we give it something to eat?
I have some flower nectar
for Poké Puffs, see?
CLEMONT
Great, here, it might be easiest
'to use this eyedropper
to feed it.'
Yay! I wanna do it, please?
BONNIE
Hang on a sec.
Here you go. It's sweet.
[STARTLED]/[CURIOUS]
Ah. Flabebe's drinking it.
It's strange that it doesn't
have its own flower.
And I'm wondering
why that Flabebe
landed in Bonnie's hair.
Oh, that's easy.
Because my hair's
as beautiful as a flower
thanks to Serena.
FLABEBE/DEDENNE
[HAPPY]/[PROUD]
Am I really that pretty?
Flabebe
[IMPRESSED]
Alright, I guess I am!
Clemont, can you keep Flabebe
for me?
Oh, please, won't you catch it
for me, won't you, please?
I guess so. It seems to like you
a lot, Bonnie.
Alright. Flabebe, here goes..
[UPSET]
Huh? It didn't work.
Is there something wrong,
Flabebe?
[SAD]
BONNIE
It's shaking its head.
You know, I'll bet that Flabebe
already has a Trainer.
Come on, no way. It can't be!
Flabebe's my friend
and that's the way it is!
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Its you and me ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Yeah you're my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"To Find A Fairy Flower!"
CLEMONT
Let's go see Nurse Joy.
Maybe she can tell us something
about Flabebe's Trainer.
I don't wanna say
goodbye to Flabebe.
I want you and I to always
be together, okay?
[TOUCHED]
Huh! Ha‐ha.
'Flabebe!'
BONNIE/CLEMONT/SERENA/ASH
Huh?
‐ It's you!
‐ Huh?
Flabebe!
‐ Thank goodness you're okay!
‐ Ah!
‐ Owie! You're squishing me!
‐ Oh‐ho‐ho!
Ah! Please forgive me.
Huh?
Flabebe, won't you come here?
So, is this man your Trainer,
Flabebe?
[SAD]
GREY
What's wrong?
Maybe we should all say hi.
Huh?
I'm so sorry.
Hello, my name is Grey.
Hi, my name's Ash
and this is my partner, Pikachu.
[FRIENDLY]
‐ I'm Clemont.
‐ I'm Serena.
Bonnie's my name.
And this is Dedenne.
[FRIENDLY]
Thank you for taking care of
my Flabebe.
I'm grateful to you all.
Alright, shall we go home,
Flabebe?
[UPSET]
I think Flabebe's gotten quite
attached to Bonnie's hair.
It doesn't seem
to want to leave.
I think Flabebe really likes
Bonnie, too!
If I may,
I'm wondering why Flabebe
doesn't have a flower
of its own.
Well, it used to have one.
It was just the three of us
living together.
My wife, Florence,
Flabebe and me.
Florence really loved
and cherished Flabebe
with all her heart.
Oh.
[Florence coughs]
[CONCERNED]/[UPSET]
Huh?
What's wrong?
Florence, are you alright?
[WORRIED]
Florence had suddenly
fallen ill.
I immediately called
for an ambulance
and she was rushed to
Calanthe Town Central Hospital.
Florence will be in the hospital
for quite a while.
[SAD]
[EXERTION]
When I awoke the next
morning, Flabebe was gone.
I thought it might have gone
to the hospital to see Florence
so, I hurried there
to find out.
When I got there,
I found Flabebe in the rain
gazing at Florence through
her hospital room window.
It had a very worried
expression on its face.
[instrumental music]
Ah! Huh! Huh!
[PANIC]
Flabebe!
[FRANTIC]/[PANIC]
No, Flabebe, wait.
Flabebe, come back!
[grunts]
[crying]
And I've been searching
for Flabebe ever since.
And now, Flabebe and I
are finally reunited.
Flabebe,
so, that's what happened?
[SAD]
Of course,
now it makes sense to me
why Flabebe flew to us
without a flower.
I'm afraid I have to bring
Flabebe back with me right away.
‐ Huh?
‐ Is something wrong?
GREY The doctor
called and told me
that Florence was all
finished with her treatment.
But still she wasn't back
to her normal, happy self.
BONNIE
Oh, no!
He said it's not because
of her illness
but more of
an emotional issue.
CLEMONT
I see. An emotional issue.
I've got to bring Flabebe back
to the hospital with me
to see her as soon as I can.
With one look, I'm sure Florence
will start to feel
like herself again.
So, then, I guess
you'd better hurry.
[SAD]
But without its flower
I'm afraid Flabebe will to start
to grow weaker and weaker.
SERENA/CLEMONT/ASH/BONNIE
Huh?
So, the first thing
we need to do
is find Flabebe's flower
as quickly as we can.
Huh! Wait! Why don't we give
Flabebe one of those flowers?
GREY
A different flower
won't do us any good.
You see, a Flabebe chooses
the kind of flower it likes
when it's very young
and stays with it forever.
And no other kind of flower will
ever be able to replace it.
SERENA
Then let's find
the same kind of flower.
Yeah, I'll just go
to a flower shop.
So, what kind of flower is it?
[EXCITED]
That's very kind of you
to offer your assistance.
But its flower is a Fairy Flower
and they don't have them
at a normal flower shop.
‐ Mm.
‐ Oh, man.
[SAD]
So, Fairy Flower, huh?
'I know I've seen
this flower somewhere.'
‐ 'Huh!
‐ Huh?
SERENA
'On Bonnie's head!'
Yeah, you're right.
I see, the reason Flabebe
landed on Bonnie's head
wasn't because
she looked pretty.
It thought it saw
its favorite flower.
That makes sense.
It's always better using
scientific reasoning.
Why you..
I want both Florence and Flabebe
to get better, but what to do?
I guess I'm at a loss.
I've got it, we'll go
and find a Fairy Flower.
[EXCITED]
In the meantime,
you can go to the hospital
and spend some time
with Florence.
Once we've located it
we'll bring the flower
over to you right away.
I don't know what to say.
‐ I'll look for it, too!
‐ Huh?
DEDENNE
[AFFIRMATIVE]
That would be wonderful.
Thank you all so much.
SERENA/CLEMONT/ASH/BONNIE
Sure.
PIKACHU
[HAPPY]
Flabebe, isn't that nice?
[MOVED]
[instrumental music]
GREY
Thank you once again.
ASH
You can count on us.
I think that Flabebe
needs to feel better first.
‐ So, let's go see Nurse Joy.
‐ Right.
Flabebe's all ready now.
[HAPPY]
Flabebe!
I'm so glad you're alright.
NURSE JOY
For the time being.
You see, Flabebe uses
the energy of its flower
to replenish its strength.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
And that's why we've got
to get out there
and find a Fairy Flower
as soon as we can.
Do you know where
Fairy Flowers grow?
NURSE JOY
'Let's see, you should find
Fairy Flowers growing'
'in a field close to town.
Yes, right here.'
One thing, unfortunately
they're out of season
at the moment.
It might be hard to find one.
[SAD]
We'll give it a shot.
Thank you, Nurse Joy.
[GRATEFUL]
Alright, let's go before Flabebe
feels weak again.
‐ Come on.
‐ Right, let's hurry.
[panting]
JESSIE
Well, well, well.
It seems we've been presented
with a blooming opportunity.
JAMES
What next?
JESSIE
First we plant the seed
then water it, then bam.
‐ Yes, ma'am!
Whoa. Which way is the field
where the Fairy Flowers grow?
PIKACHU
[CONFUSED]
It looks like we go
straight this way.
‐ Great!
‐ I calculate we'll be there
in approximately an hour.
Won't be long! You'll be fine.
MEOWTH
Welcome, don't cha know, ya.
We're here to take you
on a happy‐go‐lucky tour
of the lovely surroundings
nature has to
offer ya, don't ya know.
If you're looking
for Fairy Flowers
we'll help you find them,
don't ya know.
You'll help us find
a Fairy Flower?
MEOWTH
Maybe two, don't cha know.
Since they're out of season
at the moment
an amateur would have a hard
time finding one, don't ya know.
Nurse Joy did tell us
the same thing.
MEOWTH
But wait. There's more.
Today's your lucky day!
Our first four customers
get their tour for free
don't ya know, ya.
Wow. You mean it?
JESSIE
We've never been meaner.
It is our lucky day.
FLABEBE
[HAPPY]
Come on. We don't have
that much time.
Let's go with them
so we can find a Fairy Flower.
[EXCITED]
Don't ya know.
Clemont, you're starting
to talk like them.
CLEMONT
Oh, sorry.
Oh, ya, I want to thank you fine
folks for participating
in our special free‐for‐all
happy‐go‐lucky tour,
don't ya know.
I say we get this
trappy‐go‐Twerpy tour off
and touring, don't ya know, ya.
‐ Huh?
‐ He forgot his brain, ya.
Okay, right this way,
don't ya know, ya.
We're here ya Fairy Flowerland,
don't ya know.
I can't believe how fast
we got here.
JESSIE
You're guided by great guides,
don't ya know.
JAMES
Without us, you'd be walking
in circles, ya.
Not so sure about that.
We've been on this path
the whole time.
Listen what's important now
is that we find a Fairy Flower.
Yeah, Grey's waiting for us
at the hospital.
Alright, Bonnie, ready?
Mmm.
Flabebe, I promise
we're gonna find
just the kind of flower
you like, okay?
'I don't want to say goodbye'
'but there's somebody special
waiting for you who needs you.'
I'm not finding
any Fairy Flowers.
Me neither, it looks like
Nurse Joy was right on the mark
when she said that
they're now out of season.
‐ I'm getting worried.
‐ Hmm.
What's the deal?
I don't see any either.
PIKACHU
[SAD]
BONNIE
You're our tour guides!
Can't you do something?
But of course! You leave things
to us, don't ya know, ya.
Fairy Flower, Fairy Flower,
show your pretty face, ya.
There must be a Fairy Flower
around this place, ya.
Man, they are no help at all.
[STARTLED]/[CURIOUS]
Hey, what is it?
‐ Huh! Look!
‐ Uh!
I think that's a Fairy Flower!
And it's blooming way up
on that cliff, over there.
SERENA
'That's it, alright.'
Yes. Let's go.
[panting]
[laughing]
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Flabebe!
[HAPPY]
[panting]
BONNIE
See? It's right up there.
[WEAK]
I don't think Flabebe's
strong enough
to fly all the way up there
by itself.
I'll go and get it.
‐ Ash.
‐ Huh?
You can't pull it up.
Flabebe needs
to grab on to a flower
that's still growing naturally
out of the ground.
Huh? Okay. Then I'll bring
Flabebe up there with me.
If I take you,
you can get your flower.
[TOUCHED]
‐ Uh..
‐ It's too dangerous, Bonnie.
It'll be alright.
I'm way better at climbing
than you are.
Oh, Bonnie.
[CONCERNED]
‐ Be careful.
‐ You can do it.
[Bonnie grunting]
[ENCOURAGING]
[Bonnie screams]
[sighs]
[sighing]
Little more.
JESSIE
'There's no distraction
like Twerp distraction.'
JAMES
'Pikachu catching time.'
I'm all over it. Ya!
[STARTLED]
Flabebe, we made it up.
See? There's the Fairy Flower.
[RELIEVED]/[HAPPY]
Oh, wow!
Flabebe grabbed on
to the Fairy Flower.
‐ Alright.
‐ Bonnie, you were amazing.
DEDENNE/PIKACHU
[HAPPY]/[PANIC]
PIKACHU
[URGENT]
‐ Huh?
‐ Pikachu!
Alright, what are you doing
with Pikachu?
Prepare for trouble,
things are alright.
'Cause catching Pikachu
makes our world bright.
To protect the world
from devastation.
To unite all people
within our nation.
To denounce the evils
of truth and love.
To extend our reach
to the stars above.
‐ Jessie.
‐ And James.
Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light.
Surrender now or prepare
for one fine flowery fight.
Meowth, that's right!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Team Rocket, I should've known
it was you.
So should I, but soon,
it's not gonna matter.
Wow. Those guys make me so mad.
[UPSET]
Teach them a lesson, guys!
‐ 'Froakie.'
‐ 'Fennekin.'
CLEMONT
'Chespin.'
FENNEKIN/FROAKIE/CHESPIN
[APPEARING]
Alright, Pumpkaboo. Out!
Okay, Inkay, what do you say?
INKAY/PUMPKABOO
[APPEARING]
Froakie, use Water Pulse!
[WATER PULSE MOVE]
Meh! Spoil their fun!
[MIRROR COAT MOVE]
FROAKIE/FENNEKIN
[PAINED]
‐ Froakie!
‐ Fennekin!
Now, Chespin, Pin Missile,
let's go.
[PIN MISSILE MOVE]
Spoil their fun once more.
[MIRROR COAT MOVE]
[PANIC]/[PAINED]
Inkay, Psybeam!
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
[PANIC]
Shadow Ball!
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
SERENA ASH CLEMONT
Alright, dodge it.
[DODGING]
[gasps]
Now, what are we all gonna do?
[EXERTION]
BONNIE
Flabebe?
INKAY/PUMPKABOO/WOBBUFFET
[SHOCKED]
[MESMERIZED]
Flabebe.
The Fairy Flower must have
revived it.
JAMES
Strange.
What in the world?
[grunting]
Huh?
What a world.
I've somehow achieved
a contented and peaceful state.
What's up with you two?
Let's get the Twerps
off the grid.
You needn't be so angry,
Meowth, old chum.
He's right.
Fighting is so barbaric.
‐ 'Relax.'
‐ 'Give it a rest.'
[gasps]
Turn off your mind,
relax and float downstream.
So what should we do now?
Why don't we set adorable
little Pikachu free?
That's fine with me.
'Off you go, little buddy.'
[RELIEVED]
Pikachu! Ha‐ha‐ha.
I'm glad you're back.
What's gotten into
Team Rocket anyway?
Oh, I see, the pollen
from Flabebe has the power
to make everyone
feel wonderfully relaxed.
So, when anyone acts
aggressively towards it
'it simply scatters its pollen.'
[CALM]
[sighs]
[HAPPY]
Flabebe.
Thanks so much, for everything.
We're fine, 'cause of you.
We should get going.
Grey and Florence
are waiting for us.
[AGREEMENT]
Ash is right.
Let's go fast.
[HAPPY]
[panting]
JAMES/MEOWTH/JESSIE Ahh.
It's a beautiful
Team Rocket day.
[BLISSFUL]
GREY
'They'll be back here soon.'
'Ash and his friends
were kind enough'
'to look for another
Fairy Flower for Flabebe.'
Oh, the trouble I've caused.
I hope you'll find it
in your heart to forgive me.
[knock on door]
Come in.
Hi there, Grey.
Sorry we took so long.
PIKACHU
[EXCITED]
But we finally found
a Fairy Flower.
Oh, that's so wonderful to hear.
Now. Bonnie, please?
BONNIE
Okay.
[NERVOUS]
Oh! Flabebe.
[EXERTION]/[AFFECTIONATE]
I'm so happy to see you.
[AFFECTIONATE]
It's simply amazing how much
better I feel seeing you again.
[EXCITED]
I can't thank you enough
for going to all the trouble
of finding a Fairy Flower.
That was so kind of you,
dear Ash and Clemont and Serena
and little Bonnie,
thank you all.
It was really all Bonnie's work.
Clemont's right.
The Fairy Flower
was all the way up on a cliff
and she climbed up there
with Flabebe to get it.
[AGREEMENT]
Bonnie, I am indeed grateful.
And I am too, dear.
BONNIE
Thanks.
Huh? Hi there!
We only played for a short time,
but it was a lot of fun.
[HAPPY]
Now, you can be
with Grey and Florence.
You take good care of them.
Know what? I'll see you.
[SURPRISED]
[LOVING]
[WORRIED]
Huh?
[LOVING]
Huh? Mm. Ha‐ha.
You're right, Dedenne.
You're here.
[AGREEMENT]
‐ Okay. Let's go.
‐ Huh?
[AGREEMENT]
Right!
NARRATOR
Thanks to Bonnie's courage
and caring Flabebe has a
beautiful new Fairy Flower.
And Florence, Flabebe and
Grey are together once again
as our heroes
Kalos journey continues.
[theme music]